MP-2416 Volumetric weight docs (#114)
MyParcelCOM/docs: content/api/resources/shipments/physical-properties/volumetric-weight.md

+++
title = "Volumetric weight"
description = "What is volumetric weight and how is it calculated."
weight = 1
+++

The volumetric weight of a shipment represents the amount of space it takes up in an aircraft/vehicle. 

> Some carriers use volumetric weight to determine the cost for a shipment, where others use just the gross weight of the shipment to determine the price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some carriers use volumetric weight to determine the cost for a shipment, while others use just the gross weight.
```
